I'm still waiting for my response still
waiting from but if you close you what's
up guys welcome back to my channel how
are you doing I'm great thank you
I figure I'll make another video today
because I'm up I'm at home and I'm
anything to do and it's kind of like
raining in the days like poopy and then
I'm waiting for a response from my
college to know if I got into it so I
don't have anything to do so I'll just
court try on about like the leggings I
also wanted to tell you that I'm not
sponsored anymore I was working with Jim
Barris but I felt like it wasn't
something I wanted to stick to anymore
you know I mean in general it was really
good at the I didn't want to stick to
that anymore they still have great
clothing and I'm gonna show some of
their clothes too and I'm gonna show
like all the brand's I can use at the
moment and they're all like the leggings
I like using and I'm gonna give you like
my tips and my advice is if you're gonna
buy them but I'm not sponsor anymore so
I pretty much like can wear whatever
yeah I'm gonna just show you make my
leggings and I also hear that like the
seamless Jewish art collection is gonna
risk talking and I need like to put my
hands on those and working I I'm
tutoring a little boy from middle school
and they're like my money it's gonna go
from my lessons to like Jim sharks
English seriously if I manage to buy
them
I think because it always like that
yeah so I'm gonna just like show you my
leggings and hopefully hopefully you
will like them I'm gonna show you like
the conditions in the moment I like gray
as you can tell because you can you can
wear it with everything
I ever write but I like my favorite
color is blue so I'm gonna get to see
Miss pretty ones they go okay so hello
ones are you actually my favorite that's
from Jewish art they're from the Flex
collection
yeah since I started liking this journey
a Man March I always beat one of them
like since forever because I saw like
all these bit of Hernandez and if I was
an actor or raised pqk they always had
that like I love them so much so I
wanted them to yeah I got them in two
colors I'm gonna show you yeah we wanted
to really good I mean they're great and
then I got this color which is great and
I love it we just said kind of dark grey
a strip 220 I haven't smile I have
enough it's more for all those leggings
i'm gonna show you well yeah they're
kind of like along because it's short
so yeah you can you like roll them up I
don't really like it I just like this
okay this one's are together one's from
Jewish art there are kind of like more
neutral how can they be more neutral
than gray I don't know we have I mean
because they
but in the shop no but you can throw I'm
not suppose that also is what
pero una bebida some sharpies and rubies
and each teeny in fact individually man
from Canada my sister bra brought them
for me from Canada and then from my blue
notes
I don't know this brand I don't like it
you know I got to but they're from
Canada what would it be like I've waited
a little bit more so I had like these
salami effect here my leg because
they're really tight but do not that I
lost some weight they're really good
so yeah I will have the dark months I'm
gonna show them so these ones are the
dark ones third see very good yeah so my
sister would like what should I bring to
my sister from Canada gym club she knows
and they want ya the Russian ones were
yummy and she brought me like a uterus
different like sports
okay so because I'd like the brightness
once I ever now they're from tumor
service that again I don't I'm not
cooperating with them anymore
I'm not sponsor anymore but then I have
their leggings and that good so I mean
honest I'm still using them they said
may be said that they come oh you're
very lucky
I think really good I mean that's true
all the leggings I showed you there's
about proof except for the culture
darling the Italian ones they're kind of
like they're heavy but they're not
really spoke true but all the other side
all the gin shark and all the blue girls
and all those two versus one they're
100% proof excessive not on my life days
like all the like days I always wear the
knees because I like to do books to my
shorts
good versus I don't if you can see
they're like this here why don't they
put the camera like that okay yeah here
yeah I have to just like my favorite
ones I'll go with the jeans but this
rules are doesn't make my second
favorite ones I never know where to put
microphone like when I walk around with
Jim so yeah great
and then they good I mean I love the
highways leggings
and these ones are the last one there
from June versus as well and they have
there's another steam less collection
from Zoomers labs it's like holes here
be cool but I got an ass but and I wish
I've got an extra small because I like
this you know but yeah so I hope you
liked the video I just wanted to do like
give you my feed about my favorite
leggings let me show you them all the
ones I have I got more from like hmm
those and other websites but the where I
live like really good maybe they weren't
spot proof or I don't know I mean the
ones I showed you they're really like
they're a little bit expensive maybe
they're about around like from 30 to 80
dollars yeah pretty much like forty
dollars for you but it's really worth it
I mean you want to get close you want to
get a good one so you don't want to get
like the cheap ones you have to keep
changing wait why don't you like spend a
little bit more or like good clothing
and again I'm not sponsored by any one
of these companies I just wanted to give
you like my feet about them so yeah we
know what you think in the comments and
if you liked it give a thumbs up and I
will talk to you next week